Didi/update images (#643)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/pdfviewer/configuration.md

## Customize the Default Busy Indicator

> When loading documents in the PDF Viewer, a busy indicator visualizes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When loading documents in the PDF Viewer, a busy indicator appears on the screen. 
```
